Our marriage was originally made up by grandma
You don't love me
It doesn't have to be forever
Hanging from my tree
I'll give you 50 million in a year
What other conditions can be mentioned again?
Song Jixue is pregnant with his child
It's normal for him to want to give them mother and son names
50 million is not needed
I promised you before
As long as you want a divorce
I will cooperate at any time.
Whether or not it's your business
It's my business to give it or not
What's your trouble?
Mr. Li
Could you please pour me a glass of cold water?
So hot
hot
It's winter
So uncomfortable
Mingwei
How's it going?
I don't know.
Emperor
Stop drugging
I'll take you to the hospital
I have to go to the hospital.
Minwei, wake up
See clearly
I am Li Beixian